highpoint 3ptr info how to get that
Pegasus not and more hey guys I'm Jess
and this is the weekly Wow news recap
brought to you by curse and mmo-champion
first a few new scenarios and quest
lines got added to the 5.3 PTR the dark
heart of Pandaria scenario tolls the
story behind the new giant hole the
board has added to the vale of eternal
blossoms and what they found hidden
underneath the veil oh thank the laws of
physics you're here
the Warchief graciously permits the
families of the dead to live in his city
to die in the service of the Horde
should be a great honor next is the
bloodless no scenario trolls breed and
plot atop that snowball in mesa portage
a target it will open fire mad ice the
storm has ended come let us return the
iron forge and announce your victory to
the council and after you've completed
those two you get the Battle of razor
Hill questline Vol'jin sends you to the
Barons to collect supplies and upon
returning to send you in village you
begin to fight alongside thrall and Chen
Stormstout to defend the village for
pork on attackers after successfully
defending the village Chen storm stopped
and Vol'jin will accompany to razor
he'll join the battle that's already
going on there after another victory
Baine Bloodhoof shows up to talk about
helping with the revolution and implores
going to stick out a lies beyond the
whore I need to seek out allies yo we
also took a look at the items sold by
the Darkspear rebellion quartermaster
which includes several useful items like
the latent corkran armor set and these
troll shoes seem like they'd really let
your feet breathe moving on there have
been tons of info released for updates
on classes quest lines raids NPCs and
more so let's get right into it 5.3 will
add the ability to transmogrify items
that are located in your bank or void
storage without having them in your bags
there's already an add-on called boy
transmog that lets you transmog from
reward storage but in 5.3 it'll be built
into the default UI Gavin got an updated
on the PTR he's now a rare elite level
90 with 39 million health bulls are just
confirmed that the Pegasus mount they
teased us with a few weeks ago will not
actually be a pvp cosmetic reward as
many speculated instead it's actually
called a heart steed and it comes from a
hearthstone promotion throne of thunder
10 man had the difficulty of many
counters reduced last week as wills it
explained that some of the 10 man
were more difficult than they intended
what will 90 and higher NPCs will now
have a chance to drop lesser charms of a
good fortune this is to make up for the
fact that 5.3 doesn't add any new daily
quest so far and only one weekly quest
so you'll still have a way to air in
your lesser charms the pvp power bonus
to healing is now based on class and
spec healing specs will receive a
100-percent bonus damn respects for
druids monks paladins shadow priests and
shamans receive a seventy percent bonus
and all of their specs and classes
including taking receive a 40-percent
bonus to healing from pvp power the
first heroic scenario each day now gives
120 valor points for completion compared
to the previous 50 and 30 valor for
doing the bonus objectives and after
that first one each subsequent heroic
scenario gives 70 Valor you'll also run
a heroic cache of treasures from your
first heretic scenario each day and from
the challenge mode daily quests it has
chance to drop epic item level 5 16 gear
and the gear from it will be appropriate
for your class and spec shado-pan and
yoga Celestials daily quests no longer
have a faction be requisite to be
revered with the Golden Lotus for the
test of our achievement they reduced the
amount of Valor needed from 6,000 to
3000 valor points making it easier for
alts to catch up carrying the flag in a
rated battleground now increases the
damage taken by 50% four characters on
the tanking spec and by twenty percent
for non takes we're previously carrying
the flag increased damage taken by
twenty-five percent across the board and
tyrannical weapons no longer have a
conquest earned prerequisite to purchase
them finally there are a couple of world
for us recently method got the first
kill of Radha and 25 man and it only
took them two attempts last week then a
Chinese gal got the world first for the
glory of the thundering Raider which
requires completing a whole buttload of
throne of thunder achievements and
rewards the armored sky screamer mount
that does it for this week but as always
thanks for watching enjoy the game
you